# Niryo One Gazebo
This package contains launch files to start Niryo One and related ROS parameters in Gazebo.

## Launch files
### gazebo_niryo_one
Loads the Niryo One urdf model in Gazebo along with the necessary controllers. By default, the empty world is loaded. 

A new `bringup_minimal` launch file was created that loads the ROS parameters required for simulations.

<h4 id="gazebo-args">Arguments</h4>

- **x_pos** (default: *0.0*)

  Specifies the global X pose (in m) of the robot

- **y_pos** (default: *0.0*)

  Specifies the global Y pose (in m) of the robot

- **z_pos** (default: *0.0*)

  Specifies the global Z pose (in m) of the robot

  Specifies the Yaw orientation angle (in radians) of the robot

- **world_name** (default: *empty*) 

  Used to load other worlds of your choice.  Remember to provide full path to the world file. For example to load the stage_4.world provided along with this package from your `catkin_ws`
  ```
  roslaunch niryo_one_gazebo gazebo_niryo_one.launch world_name:=/home/$(USER)/catkin_ws/src/niryo_one_ros/niryo_one_gazebo/worlds/turtlebot3_stage_4.world
  ```
- **without_gripper** (default: *false*)

  Decides which model to load. This is important, since it also loads the corresponding params and controllers



### rviz_gazebo_niryo_one
This loads the Niryo One model in both Gazebo and Rviz, along with the Moveit planner. This is in fact based on the `demo_gazebo.launch` that is normally auto-generated by MoveIt Setup Assisstant.
#### Arguments
Refer to this [section](#gazebo-args) to see all available arguments
## World files
- **empty**


- **turtlebot3_stage4**

  The stage 4 world from the `turtlebot3_simulations` package